construction site manager summary supervising and overseeing the direction of the project (or a package), ensuring that the client's specifications and requirements are met, reviewing progress and liaising with quantity surveyors to monitor costs liaising with the client, other construction professionals and, sometimes, members of the public coordinating and supervising construction workers selecting tools and materials making safety inspections and ensuring construction and site safety checking and preparing site reports, designs and drawings maintaining quality control procedures finding ways to prevent problems and to solve any that crop up assessing and minimising risk writing reports and keeping on top of paperwork helping to negotiating contracts and securing permits and licences as construction managers work on site wherever that site is, be prepared to relocate or face a longer commute as and when required. skills good communication skills problem solving skills decision-making ability commercial awareness ability to motivate other teamworking skills good knowledge of building methods and regulations customer service account management business-to-business background capital planning staff training contract negotiation networking ability lead development product expertise crisis communications marketing blueprint reading regulation and compliance excellent driving record detail-oriented good mechanical aptitude production line/assembly line forklift experience good verbal/written communication skills establishing goals and setting priorities experience 03/2006 to 12/2012 construction site manager company name ï¼​ city , state conferred with sales and marketing teams to ensure consistency in messaging and communication with business partners and customers, and to relay insight from data collected to shape successful marketing campaigns. conducted strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats (swot) analyses to develop strategic plans for corporate level and business units. worked with current clients to assess needs and develop improvement plans. stayed current on company products and services to provide top-notch expertise to customers. set up potential client contacts, cultivated relationships and followed through all service needs. put together contracts and completed sales with new and existing clients. 02/2003 to 06/2006 construction superintendent company name ï¼​ city , state maintained a written daily log of activities on the job site. reviewed project drawings to perform â materials purchasingâ reviewed project drawings to perform â materials â evaluated plans architectural plans and consulted with â subcontractors â to gain a deep understanding of project & provided equipment installations for a developing residential community of 40 units, working successfully according to project plans and quality standards. reviewed engineering documentation to determine order of construction operations. assisted skilled workers with construction projects in all phases of rough and finish carpentry. conducted site pre-inspections and coordinated post-construction audits. managed work with little supervision. troubleshooted electrical and mechanical defects for residential, commercial and industrial sites. ensured customer satisfaction by providing highest quality of products by ensuring all equipment was â properly installed and working correctly. 07/2011 to 10/2017 site supervisor/foreman company name ï¼​ city , state kept track of all inventory, including supplies and materials to help ensure against loss. gathered project material submittals and maintained records of approvals. monitored project expenses and developed pre-construction estimates. maintained a written daily log of activities on the job site. reviewed project drawings to perform installation activities according to specifications. evaluated plans architectural plans and consulted with clients to gain a deep understanding of project plan and objectives. education and training 1997 associate of arts : criminal justice tallahassee community college ï¼​ city , state 2020 associate of science : graphic design academy of art university ï¼​ city , state activities and honors class experience worked closely with construction teams at a variety of work sites. responsible for daily reporting on production equipment, including parts produced, downtime minutes, and any quality concerns. blueprint reading read blueprints, work orders, and production schedules to accurately determine job instructions and specifications. problem diagnosis used operational knowledge of systems, parts and components to solve problems that arose during constructionâ inspection inspected electrical systems, equipment, and fixtures to identify safety hazards for replacement or repair.â project planning provided project controls, cost estimation, and other business support services to technical line management. safety audit led monthly safety audits to monitor employee behavior and ensure safe compliance with company policies and safety regulations. documentation reported and documented unsafe conditions, equipment and/or injury. military experience 12/1990 to 12/1994 visual communications company name ï¼​ state 12/1994 to 12/1996 safty trainning petty officer company name ï¼​ city