forms designer professional summary professionally trained [job title] with experience ensuring high standards of culturally competent care for wide variety of patients with diverse needs. responsible [job title] with excellent communication skills demonstrated by [number] years of experience in healthcare. skills strong clinical judgment high level of autonomy patient/family focused patient evaluation/intervention professional bedside manner adept at prioritizing/managing deadlines safe ng tube insertion and removal thorough physical assessments tracheotomy care foley catheter insertion/removal familiarity insulin medication assistance work history forms designer , 01/2007 to 01/2010 company name – city , state assessed need for, ordered, obtained and interpreted appropriate lab tests. conducted mandated health screenings, physicals and special education assessments in [number] schools with [number] students. ensured external follow-up where required. chronic patient care in med-surg unit, adeptly handling all aspects of treatment from medication to wound care to monitoring for [number] patients per shift. primary care, assessment and evaluation of neonatal and pediatric patients. counseled and educated patients about reproductive health issues and wellness. expertise in stds, hiv and family planning. led cna training program and conducted classes for prospective cnas. oversaw the training of [number] students annually. organized and led [number] support groups per [time period] in subjects related to physical and emotional health to ensure long-term patient well-being. organized and led [number] support groups per [time period] in subjects related to physical and emotional health to ensure long-term patient well-being. charge nurse on neonatal and pediatric floor. oversaw average of [number] patients per shift. oversaw and managed [number] clinical and support staff in patient care activities while maintaining a high level of staff morale and professionalism. directed the new hire lpn program. recruited, hired, led training and managed budget for class of [number] students annually. effectively supervised [number] lvns, nas and non-clinical staff. improved annual employee retention rate from [number] to [number] percent. examined patients and dispensed contraceptives and other medications as needed. pharmacological and non-pharmacological management and treatment of various disorders and diseases. self-directed with astute judgment skills. high level of personal accountability. wrote successful grant for $ [amount] from [source] for [topic] . effective counseling in health maintenance and disease management. increased unit productivity for a 29-bed surgical unit. processed monthly reports for department performance. managed care for post-operative patients through discharge. performed lab tests and communicated results. liaised between patients and physicians to ensure patient comprehension of treatment plans. instructed patients and family members on proper discharge care. closely monitored acute conditions. initiated hospital-wide study to identify areas for process improvement. monitored patient reactions to drugs and carefully documented progress of individuals participating in clinical trials. demonstrated ability to lead and motivate outstanding healthcare teams. contributed substantially to successful department jcaho accreditation. ensured hipaa compliance. ensured proper care for victims of domestic violence who presented to urgent care clinic. diagnosed and treated patients with chronic and acute health problems such as mi, arrhythmias, asthma, copd and pneumonia. provided dhs (department of health services) with corrective action plans. coordinated quality improvement activities (qia's) to identify performance areas for improvement. participated in unit-based quality assurance program. developed and implemented nursing care plans. made appropriate interventions by reading and interpreting fetal heart monitors. developed patient care plans, including assessments, evaluations and nursing diagnoses. documented patient information obtained from interviews. performed basic physical assessments of newborns and infants. delegated staff nurse duties. effectively managed clinical oversight for 44-bed unit. provided on-call care at all times of day and night. ensured efficacy of treatments through monitoring of treatment regimens. trained new staff on quality control procedures. followed infection control procedures. assisted patients with daily functions. monitored fluid intake and output levels. extensive experience working in homes with disabled children and adults. measured urine and delivered specimens to lab. provided all daily living tasks to enhance quality of life for elderly patients. performed pregnancy tests and sent specimens for laboratory testing. assisted residents with bathing, dressing, feeding, lifting and transferring. experience with various medical conditions including parkinson's, dementia, diabetes, cancer, alzheimer's and paget's disease. assisted doctors with surgeries and non-invasive procedures. authorized drug refills and provided detailed prescription information to pharmacies. collected blood, tissue and other laboratory specimens and prepared them for lab testing. developed and produced all office flyer notifications for important policy changes, office news and events. maintained all confidential personnel files, license and cpr compliance records. performed monthly inventory and maintained office and medical supply counts. routinely retracted patient throat cultures and prepared for lab submission. scheduled patient admissions and discharges. specialized in the nursing care of patients with chemical dependency. strong leader for nursing personnel assigned to the unit/shift. forms designer , 01/2005 to 01/2007 company name – city , state as a contract designer who utilized quarkxpress and adobe's creative suite, created business documents specifically for use with expedata's digital pen and paper applications. experience included both the redesign of existing documents and the crafting of unique files tailored to accurately capture handwriting interpretation. other job functions included graphic designer , 01/2001 to 01/2004 company name – city , state utilized adobe creative suite, quarkxpress and company's proprietary software to produce business forms, essential documents and custom collateral from concept to production ready compositions. key achievements managed company-wide rebranding and graphic standards for abn amro, a global banking corporation, and subsidiaries (standard federal and lasalle bank), resulting in $30,000 of revenue. created design specifications for abn amro's core teller project, allowing client to capture handwritten data on deposit and withdrawal slips to be recognized by image character recognition software. generated $25,000 in revenue. managed design workflow and specifications simultaneously for comerica bank and detroit medical group. client services specialist , 01/2000 to 01/2001 company name – city , state advised clients and vendors on company's products. met client expectations by communicating business objectives and reviewing results with client, vendors and production team in a timely fashion. worked with team to train on standards and procedures. created presentations for client visits. key achievements trained fellow employees on pander (do not mail) file and deceased file processing step necessary for the ethical and efficient use of their resources. produced training pamphlet containing specific database procedural steps. trained over 20 members of national publishing client's customer service staff on team processing, which afforded better communication and increased confidence in our services. increased sales by 10%. coordinated and prioritized several simultaneous projects and monitored entire job processing. analyzed reports and job runs to ensure data integrity. increased job efficiency by 10% and eliminated past due accounts. forms designer , 01/2001 to 01/2004 company name – city , state strong leader for nursing personnel assigned to the unit/shift. client services specialist , 05/2000 to 09/2001 company name – city , state routinely retracted patient throat cultures and prepared for lab submission. education bachelor of science : nursing , 12 2014 northern illinois university - city , state nursing recipient of [scholarship name] scholarship graduated magna cum laude master of fine arts : painting/sculpture , 1 1996 northern illinois university - city , state painting/sculpture bachelor of arts : studio art, painting/drawing art history and chemistry , 1 1992 loras college - city , state studio art, painting/drawing art history and chemistry professional nursing foundations of nursing foundations of nursing clinical pathophysiology health assessment : health & human sciences , 1 2012 gpa: sigma theta tau international honor society of nursing rosanne krcek-frank nursing student scholarship health & human sciences affiliations american nurses association (ana) member certifications registered nurse in [state] , license number [number] , [year] advanced cardiac life support (acls) certification [year to present] skills adobe, advertising, assembly, banking, hardware, concept, client, clients, customer service, database, documentation, fashion, forms, graphic, image, in design, insurance, interpretation, logo creation, mental health, mail, nursing i, nursing, pdf, pen, postscript, presentations, coding, quarkxpress, research, sales, sigma, unique, workflow