sales representative professional summary experience sales rep with territory management and closing experience. computer proficient with strong communication skills. offering more than 13 years in outside sales, sales operations and marketing. quality-focused account manager, focused on driving sales and maximizing profits. directs sales teams with enthusiasm. account manager accomplished in managing customer service for numerous top accounts while simultaneously exceeding sales goals on new and existing products. skills business development organized fast learner highly dependable natural leader enthusiastic yet professional demeanor organized excellent attention to customer satisfaction account and territory management retail sales detail fluent in spanish computer literate work history sales representative company name - city , state 12/2012 - 09/2014 increased sales volume by adding 10 accounts in the territory. selected the correct products based on customer needs, product specifications and applicable regulations. increased sales volume by adding 10 accounts in the rio grande valley territory. negotiated prices, terms of sales and service agreements. contacted new and existing customers to discuss how their needs could be met through specific products and services. territory manager company name - city , state 04/2012 - 11/2013 â established new territory for the company, adding special order, stocking dealers. â managed portfolio of 30 accounts and $60,000-$90,000 per month in sales. â negotiated prices, terms of sales, service agreements. contacted new and existing customers to discuss how their needs could be met through specific products, services. â selected correct products based on customer needs, product specifications. â created sales contacts with on- and off-premise accounts. â recorded accurate, efficient records in customer database. â prospected and conducted face-to-face sales calls with business executives and directors throughout assigned territory. â consulted businesses to supply accurate product, service information. â met existing customers to review current services and expand sales opportunities. â built relationships with customers to promote long term business growth. exceeded team sales goals by 30%. sales decora kitchen bath & floors - mcallen, tx l managed residential and commercial sales. sales company name - city , state 01/2008 - 09/2010 â retailed all types of flooring, ceramic & porcelain tile, natural stone, resilient flooring, laminate and hardwood, carpet. â coordinated and supervised installations of floor and counter-tops. â project estimating and purchasing. attended surfaces and kbis trade shows. â negotiated prices, terms of sales and service agreements. â contacted new and existing customers to discuss how their needs could be met through specific products and services. â quoted prices, credit terms and other bid specifications. â identified prospective customers by using business directories and following leads from existing clients. â wrote sales contracts for orders obtained and submitted orders for processing. â selected the correct products based on customer needs, product specifications and applicable regulations. â prioritized tasks and projects to meet tight deadlines. owner company name - city , state 01/2000 - 07/2007 coordinated residential and commercial sales, along with supervising all installations. project estimating and purchasing. retailed all types of flooring, ceramic & porcelain tile, natural stone, resilient flooring, laminate, hardwood and carpet. â attended surfaces and mohawk u trade shows and seminars. â negotiated prices, terms of sales and service agreements. â contacted new and existing customers to discuss how their needs could be met through specific products and services. â quoted prices, credit terms and other bid specifications. â wrote sales contracts for orders obtained and submitted orders for processing. â selected the correct products based on customer needs, product specifications and applicable regulations. assigned tasks to associates, staffed projects, tracked progress and updated managers, partners and clients as necessary. matched purchase orders with invoices and recorded the necessary information. education high school diploma : james pace high school - continuing education interior decorator skills attention to detail, strong interpersonal skills, contracts, credit, clients, database, dependable, english, estimating, outlook, natural, negotiator, persuasive, progress, purchasing, sales, sales management, seminars, spanish, strategic, supervising, tops, trade shows