sales coordinator summary current ms of data analytics graduate student with exposure to data analysis and modeling skills. seeking evolutionary role in analytics that will allow to adapt and change to company and problem solving needs. skills excellent quantitative skills advanced ms office suite knowledge strong knowledge of r, excel advanced excel modeling excellent research skills business systems analysis knowledge of statistical analysis and superb communication skills algorithm development business domain, statistics and interpretation, mining, predictive analysis, and coding visualization and exploration, data analyst, rstudio, tableau, data collection, machine learning, c++ â report generation education and training master of science , data analytics 2018 university of houston ï¼​ city , state data analytics bba , finance 2005 university of houston ï¼​ city , state finance finance experience sales coordinator jul 2016 to may 2017 company name ï¼​ city , state heavy cold calling to new and existing oil and gas, energy, and aerospace clientele to increase revenue and market penetration managed a portfolio of 250 accounts that generated 36% of increased proposals in 4 months. conducted business to business telephone sales. researched sales and contact information for prospects and created reports for business development managers inside sales representative aug 2015 to feb 2016 company name ï¼​ city , state prioritized daily workflows, including all inbound calls, quotes and sales-related inquiries. wrote sales contracts for orders obtained and submitted orders for processing. achieved 170% of first 90 day quota, earning 2nd highest rookie quarter in 21 year company history. prioritized daily workflows, including all inbound calls, quotes and sales-related inquiries. emphasized product features based on analysis of customers' needs. inside sales representative sep 2014 to may 2015 company name ï¼​ city , state developed competitive comparison tables of steel grating pricing, fees, ratings, category and product performance to use for account sales calls. created sales contacts with on- and off-premise accounts. built client relationships by acting as the liaison between the drafting and sales teams. consulted with clients after sales and contract signings to resolve problems and provide ongoing support. recruiter feb 2007 to oct 2014 company name ï¼​ city , state developed creative recruiting strategies that met small to mid-sized broker dealer staffing needs. managed all aspects of advisor transition cycle, from initial set to on boarding. served as link between broker dealer and advisor by handling questions, interpreting contracts, and resolving transition issues. memberships/scholarly societies university of houston- downtown analytics society. skills business systems analysis, c++, cold calling, communication skills, competitive, contracts, credit, clientele, client, clients, data analyst, data collection, database, drafting, features, finance, financial, financial statements, interpretation, machine learning, market, excel, money, ms office suite, modeling, oil, outside sales, pricing, coding, proposals, recruiting, research, sales, staffing, statistical analysis, statistics, tableau, tables, telephone, underwriter