senior interior designer professional summary interior designer with diverse experiences working on commercial projects throughout the united states utilizing autocad. design experiences include commercial, facility planning, education, government, healthcare, retail and residential. proven abilities to work on projects independently or as part of a team from inception at programming meetings to completion with budget reconciliation. skills proficient in autocad time management organized strong verbal and written communicator detail oriented building codes knowledge permitting and administration knowledge bidding procedures motivated self-starter work history senior interior designer , 02/2012 to 11/2014 company name – city , state independently developed fit studies, pricing plans, and construction documents for permit. worked with leasing agents to obtain program requirements, project scope, and develop fit studies. prepare comprehensive design and construction documents with notes, details, and schedules as required that comply with all applicable acts and codes related to project municipality. submit plans to in-house permit expeditors for permit and in-house construction team for execution. verified that construction detail documentation conformed to quality assurance and best practice standards. completed comprehensive code compliance evaluations. reviewed and discussed zoning laws, fire regulations and building codes with healthcare and governing agencies. utilize autocad with aec, excel, and microsoft word software programs as required to manage assignments. interior designer , 05/2004 to 02/2012 company name – city , state worked independently on projects directly with client or through a landlord representative. completed architectural construction document set as well as mechanical and electrical construction document set with consultation. worked on diverse buildings such as mixed-use buildings, warehouse and class a office buildings. visit site to prepare as-built autocad plans and note field conditions. calculate b.o.m.a. square footages for landlord and maintain rent schedule. prepare comprehensive design and construction documents with details, schedules and presentation boards as required that comply with all applicable codes and acts. coordinate plans with structural, electrical and mechanical engineers. submit plans to appropriate county for permit. utilize autocad and microsoft word software programs as required to complete and manage assignments. interior designer , 10/2000 to 05/2004 company name – city , state worked on projects independently with clients. completed architectural construction document set. conduct client meetings to develop program requirements, visit site to prepare as-built autocad plans and note field conditions in order to develop fit studies and revise as required for client approval. prepare comprehensive design and construction documents with details, schedules and presentation boards as required that comply with all applicable codes and acts. utilize autocad and microsoft word software programs to complete and manage assignments. interior designer , 09/1997 to 10/2000 company name – city , state established timelines to manage multiple projects simultaneously to assure move dates were met. worked with architects to better integrate design intent into construction document package. set up meetings with clients to develop program requirements. prepare a design fee proposal outlining the scope of work and associated fees. perform site visit to prepare as-built autocad plans. develop fit studies. prepare comprehensive design and construction documents with details, schedules and presentation boards as required that comply with all applicable codes and acts. conduct and issue minutes for meetings and construction management. utilize autocad and microsoft word software programs to complete and manage tasks. senior project manager , 12/1993 to 09/1997 company name – city , state assigned to maryland national bank merger with nationsbank which was comprised of five high-rise office buildings in downtown baltimore. supervised and coordinated a team of six interior designers. also assisted with richmond, virginia merger projects. develop program requirements with client and prepare fit studies. create or update base building and as-built autocad plans. prepare comprehensive design and construction documents with details and schedules that comply with all applicable codes and acts. specify and coordinate all activities with furniture procurement and acquisition. coordinate schedule and project implementation with client's construction management firm. utilize autocad and fac/aide software programs as required to complete and manage tasks. consultant , 07/1993 to 12/1993 company name – city , state worked as part of a team as well as independently on assigned projects. worked on commercial and healthcare projects. prepare complete design and construction documents for assigned projects based on client's programming requirements on autocad. obtain programming information, specify furniture and schedule projects as required. conduct site visits to provide accurate as-built conditions, determine square footages and prepare space studies. project manager , 09/1989 to 07/1993 company name – city , state independently worked on eight to twelve projects simultaneously throughout the united states to relocate, increase and decrease new or existing offices. worked with a special task force to prepare multiple space consolidation studies to consolidate 17 floors of the downtown headquarters to the five-building mt. washington campus. was assigned to a special team to coordinate all branch office computer room upgrades. direct all outside consultants, trades and team members through planning, design, construction and furniture procurement and distribution from initiation through completion. insure that projects are completed within established budget and schedule and reconcile budget to management. research national and local codes and acts for buildings and life safety to insure projects meet or exceed guidelines. calculate rent schedules monthly with accurate rentable square footages by b.o.m.a. for baltimore headquarters. utilize autocad, aec architectural template, lotus, microsoft project and earnest as required to complete tasks. interior designer , 01/1984 to 09/1989 company name – city , state assisted interior design staff until skills were developed to independently complete projects. independently worked on six to eight projects simultaneously throughout the united states to relocate, increase and decrease new or existing offices. research, develop and design effective floor space using systems furniture. responsible for all activities in the design and implementation of space plans including determination of space requirements, construction documents and furniture specifications. thorough working knowledge of autocad, aec architectural template and ibm storyboard. education bachelor fine art : interior design, art history minor , 5 1984 maryland institute college of art - city , state interior design, art history minor fine art curriculum , 1 1980 towson state university - city , state fine art curriculum accomplishments numerous programs, conferences and seminars related to the field. all were approved ceu courses for cid and/or iida. affiliations former member: certified interior designer - maryland (cid) international interior design association (iida) - board member as past- president 1998 to 1999, president 1996 to 1998, president elect 1995 to 1996, treasurer/secretary 1994 to 1995 nature conservancy national trust for historic preservation skills autocad, budget, consultation, client, clients, ibm, interior design, lotus, notes, mechanical, meetings, microsoft excel, excel, office, microsoft project, microsoft word, pricing, procurement, programming, proposal, research, safety, upgrades