sales associate/cashier summary friendly sales associate proficient in managing all areas of sales and customer service in fast-paced retail environments. excellent multi- tasker and team player. reliable sales associate with strengths in inventory management, training, and customer service. friendly, knowledgeable and hard-working team player. skills sales expertise active listening verbal/written communication team player mentality outgoing personality time management ability enthusiasm personal information where i have worked or studied i have always done my best to be efficient and excel in anything and everything i've done. i work extremely well with others, i do my best to be a leader and not a follower and i try my hardest to be kind and respectful to anyone and everyone i come in contact with. i am an exceptional writer, i am very detailed oriented and i am great at following directions and staying organized. even on my bad days i know how to keep a smile on my face and leave my personal problems at home to give customers a great expirience and keep hem coming back for more. skills client, detail oriented, team leadership, phone experience 09/2017 to current sales associate/cashier company name ï¼​ city , state met incoming customers and provided immediate assistance. retrieved alternate items and sizes on request. listened to customer needs and preferences to provide accurate advice. completed purchases with cash, credit and debit payment methods. increased purchase totals by recommending additional items. worked flexible schedule to accommodate changing customer levels. organized items in visually appealing manner. answered incoming telephone calls with professional andâ knowledgeable responses.â maintained up-to-date knowledge of customer buying habits. 09/2015 to 12/2015 cashier company name ï¼​ city , state i up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits. took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues. i also recorded customer orders and repeated them back in a clear, understandable manner and promptly reported complaints to a member of the management team. i communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and management and resolved guest complaints promptly and professionally. i quickly and efficiently processed payments and made accurate change. 09/2015 to 12/2015 company name ï¼​ city , state i up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits. took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve food or service issues. i also recorded customer orders and repeated them back in a clear, understandable manner and promptly reported complaints to a member of the management team. i communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and management and resolved guest complaints promptly and professionally. i quickly and efficiently processed payments and made accurate change. education and training 2017 high school diploma : education waynesboro area senior high school ï¼​ city , state , usa education