security aide i professional summary a compassionate security aide that has strong experience working with developmentally disabled adults and creating individualized recreational plans to assist them with community integration. skills strong verbal communication data management extremely organized project management client assessment and analysis powerful negotiator self-motivated staff development conflict resolution team leadership risk management processes and analysis process implementation • huge experience with therapeutic recreational services, activities and programs • outstanding knowledge of psychiatric patient care techniques • thorough knowledge of working in acute care, assisted living and other healthcare setting • good understanding of abuse reporting protocols • familiarity with recreational therapy and therapeutic recreation programs. • amazing ability to develop recreational therapy plans • ability to design, implement, and coordinate therapeutic programming • immense ability to build positive working relations with patients and colleagues • remarkable ability to provide therapies independently or in groups work history security aide i , 2017 to current company name – city , state obtained documents, clearances, certificates and approvals from local, state and federal agencies. performed initial client assessment and analysis to begin research process. analyzed departmental documents for appropriate distribution and filing. worked directly with department, clients, management to achieve result.. developed new process for employee evaluation which resulted in marked performance improvements. responsible for creative design for prominent project. supported chief operating officer with daily operational functions. student worker , 01/2016 to 01/2017 company name – city , state complete clerical and data entry tasks, interoffice mail and file important documents. support and provide coverage of the administrative desk; adhere to the code of confidentiality in certain cases where discretion is required;. record odometer reading and maintenance support provided to university's vehicles and driver assistance during event functions when additional support as needed. resident advisor , 08/2015 to 01/2017 provide guidance, social support and security within residential life community, and foster an environment that allows 40 students to meet their academic goals. increase students' knowledge of policies and procedures of residential life and increase students involvement in university, residential life committees and activities/events. managing and documenting policy violations; reporting maintenance and facility concerns and conducting health and safety inspections other duties as assigned by residence director. student worker , 08/2014 to 01/2016 company name created biochar pyrolysis, the process of creating a fine-grained highly porous charcoal that helps soils retain nutrients and water. entered biochar data into excel spread sheet. helped make chemical for research and maintained cleanliness of chemical laboratory equipment. skills academic, administrative, clerical, coaching, cpr, data entry, laboratory equipment management skills, excel, reading, rehabilitation, reporting, research, safety, sound, spread sheet. education bachelor of science : wellness-kinesiology , 05/2017 lincoln university - city , state wellness-kinesiology diploma : coaching , 2013 gc foster college of physical education and sports - city coaching completed 70 credit hours in physical education and sports, gc foster college of physical education and sports spanish town, jamaica internshipphysiotherapist rehabilitation, athletic trainers room : 12/2015 lincoln university - city , state set up equipment for students athletes*assisted in treatment for students athletes *treatments include wrapping and taping ankles, applying ice packs and conducting on ultra sound treatments. shadow/intern of occupational therapist and physiotherapist rehabilitation treatments , 12/2017 jcmg orthopaedic center - city overseer objective to obtain a position as recreational therapist where i can maximize my skills and also contribute to the development of the organization. accomplishments track and field, team member 2014 – 2017 ncaa track and field outdoors, all american award 2014 ncaa track and field indoor second team, all american awards 2015 - 2017 ncaa all academics awards 2014 – 2017 the national consortium for academic and sport award 2015 lincoln university track and field award 2015 all-miaa first team award 2016-2017 certifications cpr certificate 2017 basic psychiatric training course certificate 2017 lincoln university school of education honors convocation certificate of excellence 2017 additional information volunteer work officiate at jefferson city high school cross country meet lu homecoming parade manrrs recycling club, conducts recycling weekly throughout the university campus volunteer track coach at old harbour high school volunteer massage therapy treatment to old harbour high school track team