english language arts teacher summary i am passionate about teaching and caring for students holistically. i believe it is crucial for students to develop critical thinking skills as they develop their sense of self and their worldview. i prioritize teacher collaboration to develop a community among educators and to develop best practices. i pursue professional development opportunities to better serve all of my students with an emphasis on equity, differentiation and inquiry- based learning. i have recently completed my national board certification pending results in january of 2019. skills educational leadership classroom management variety of teaching strategies multimedia teaching and learning inquiry-based learning education 10/2013 to 06/2017 english language arts teacher company name ï¼​ city , state i have worked at lakes high school in the clover park school district for the past five years. in my time at lakes, i have taught 9th grade, 11th grade and 12th grade english as well as ap literature and ap language. due to some teacher turnover and the adapting needs of the english department, i have had the opportunity to build my experience across grade levels and develop curriculum after curriculum to suit the needs of students at various ages. as a result, i believe one of my greatest strengths is my understanding of the skills necessary at each grade level for students to successfully exist high school career or college-ready. 06/2016 to 06/2017 head of english department company name ï¼​ city , state for the past two years i have served as the english department head. this position required planning and scheduling of monthly departmental meetings, allocation of department funds, participation in the district literacy committee and disseminating information from administration to english teachers, and vice versa. to better serve the english department, i initiated monthly meetings with our principal, mrs. mauer-smith, to plan department meetings. additionally, teachers were invited monthly to contribute agenda items or areas of professional development interest to inform these meetings and make them as meaningful as possible. 07/2016 to 06/2017 asb advisor company name ï¼​ city , state i was very excited to accept the position as the asb advisor at lakes high school. in our leadership program, i highly prioritized student-leadership and facilitation. it was a regular practice that i met with our senior asb officers to discuss leadership development content and project management that they would facilitate in future classes. i saw my role as advisor to highlight student abilities, passions and ideas to build beautiful products while teacher students the value of understanding the process by which products come to be. all year, we emphasized the pillars of knowledge, courage and compassion to serve our student body and develop personally as knowledgeable, courageous and compassionate people. education 2012 master in teaching : secondary education university of washington ï¼​ city , state , united states english language arts endorsement english language learner endorsement 2011 bachelor of arts : english university of washington ï¼​ city , state , united states minor in education, learning and society 2009 associate of arts tacoma community college ï¼​ city , state , 98409 running start program