policy service specialist iii professional summary seeking the position of claims representative i, where my skills, experience, and assistance can be utilized for the success of the enterprise and mrm strategy. summary of qualifications proven effectiveness to negotiate and resolve complaints on an escalated level knowledge of call center management applications, industry standards/requirements, workforce management software, service quality assurance programs, and industry best practices. professional verbal and written communication skills able to motivate a group of employees towards a desired result knowledge of human resources (wage and hour, labor law) proficient in microsoft suite strong leadership skills succeed in fast paced, results driven atmosphere excellent organizational, time management, and multi-tasking skills self-motivated and able to work well with frequently-shifting priorities expert knowledge in dmv, automotive, ca, tx, and nm insurance, and claims reporting proficient in portal insurance operating systems: prime, huon, claims portal, and pepsc skills â· proven effectiveness to â â negotiate and resolveâ â â â â â â â complaints on an escalated â â level â â· professional verbal and written â communication skills â· â excellent organizational, time â â management, and multi-â â tasking skillsâ â â â·â strong leadership skills â· customer service oriented â· proficient in portal insurance â â â â operating systems: prime, â â â â huon, claims portal, and â â pepscâ â· self-motivated and able to â â â work well with frequently- â â shifting priorities â· â· proficient in microsoft suiteâ â· succeed in fast paced, results â â driven atmosphere work history policy service specialist iii november 2006 to june 2010 company name - city , state provide world class member service in a high volume call center. continued education in membership, california auto, collector car, home, assigned risk, and umbrella insurance, texas and new mexico auto, home, and umbrella insurance allowed me to service a multitude of members across three states. assist supervisors with call monitoring and peer coaching. co-owner/manager august 2005 to september 2006 company name - city , state managed a staff of seven barbers and beauticians. duties included interviewing, license verification, and hiring. advertised and promoted of the salon through multiple mediums. built relationships with clients in an effort to gain loyalty. supervisor of the call center and the travel production center may 2012 to december 2013 company name - city , state collaboratively provide coaching and development to ensure continual education and enrichment while maintaining or enhancing self-esteem. foster an understanding of immediate service issues to maintain total member satisfaction. communicate with team members through individual and group meetings, encouraging employees to support business culture, embrace changes, as well as current policies, procedures, objectives and goals. create an environment conducive to high employee satisfaction, development/growth, and retention while maintaining respect and dignity for all. empower agents in how to handle and resolve elevated member service issues. managed a maximum of twenty-one agents at a time - coaching and developing acquired the travel production center (tpc) - currently developing a taskforce from tpc, the msc, and marketing to implement permanent process improvements in all areas. proactively identify improvement opportunities in agent performance and recommendations to obstacles in the overall member interaction. analysis of root cause factors driving member experience via monitoring for compliance of internal processes and procedures. analyzing the effectiveness of call activity and behaviors, and interpreting the "voice of the member." accomplishments dfyaerh january 2005 to january 2006 company name - city , state communicate and interact with insureds, banks, mortgagees, and lien holders. â explain benefits, effects of changes, and coverages in layman terms. â â â â â â re-underwrite policies in compliance with underwriting guidelines and to prevent premium leakage. review policy contract with insureds. answer insured questions regarding deductibles. education los angeles harbor college 1 2004 city , state diploma : education child development/psychology education child development/psychology san pedro senior high school 1 1999 city , state certifications licenses personal lines broker-agent skills calibration, call center, coaching, ca, clients, driving, focus, hiring, insurance, marketing, meetings, msc, policies, processes, quality